After being diagnosed with Melanoma from biopsy, how wide and deep with the WLE (Wide Local Excision) be?
After being diagnosed with SCC and BCC from biopsy, how wide and deep with the WLE (Wide Local Excision) be?      
What is the chances of reoccurring Melanoma after being diagnosed?
What is the chances of reoccurring SCC and BCC after being diagnosed?
What are the odds of dying from SCC ? 
What happens if you do not remove SCC?  How quickly should it be removed?
How long do I stay in hospital after a biopsy? 
What is the youngest age someone died from Melanoma?  
What age does it affect the most?
How fast does melanoma grow?
How to tell if melanoma has spread to lymph nodes?
What happens if melanoma has spread to lymph nodes?
What happens if you test positive for melanoma?
What is the 7 point check list for melanoma?
Is stage 1 melanoma curable?
Can my GP do a skin biopsy?
How much is a dermatologist visit in Ireland? ( UK and Northern Ire)
What type of melanoma has the poorest prognosis?
What is Mucosal melanoma?
Can a dermatologist tell if a mole is cancerous just by looking at it?
How long is the waiting list to see a dermatologist for a skin cancer in Ireland (UK and Northern Ire)?
How deep do they cut for melanoma, bcc and scc?
What is the most common age for skin cancers?
What is the best way to prevent skin cancers?
How do I know which sun block to use?
After being diagnosed with skin cancer, do I need to use UV protection? How long.
How much SPF do I need to apply on various parts of my body?
Does all day sun protection actually work – is it safe?
Which chemicals in sun cream is bad for you?
Which is better SPF or UPF ( suncream or clothing)
Where can I find a dermatologist (Dublin, Leinster, Munster, Ulster, Connacht and UK)
Where are the most common parts of the body to get skin cancer.
What occupations are most at risk to develop skin cancer?
How to protect infants from skin cancer?
What happens if BCC biopsy comes back positive? – same for melanoma an SCC
If I have skin cancer, are my children more likely to get it ?
Is there a testing gene for skin cancers?
Will a biopsy tell at what stage the melanoma is ? same for BCC and SCC
What is a concerning size for melanoma ?
Will I be put asleep for melanoma surgery?
How deep do they cut for SCC?
What stage will I need chemo for skin cancers?
What is topical chemotherapy for skin cancer?
Why is Efidix so painful on my face?  
How long do I need to use Efudix on my face?  
Does Efudix actually work?  How does Efudix deal with skin cancer?  
What are the side affects of Efudix?  How often can I use Efudix?  
Can I wash while using Efudix?  How do I shower while using Efudix?  
How long does it take my skin to go back to normal after Efudix?  
Why is my skin looking like open wounds while using Efudix?  
What can I put on my skin for relief while using Efudix?  
Why is the Efudix making my wounds crust? 
While using Efudix, should my skin be bleeding?  
Does Efudix always work and will I still need surgery afterwards?  
Do I need to protect from UV rays while using Efudix and how or what? 
Will I feel sick while using Efudix?  
Will I be left with scars after using Efudix. 
Do I put bandages on where my skin is open from Efudix?  
Do UV rays work against Efudix treatment.  
What is the alternative treatment to Efudix? 
What are the stages of the UV index and how much sun protection do I need for each?
I do not understand the different factors, what does SPF 20 do? 10,15,30,50 etc  …… explain how it works.
Do I still need to apply suncream if my moisturiser has SPF?
What is Dab and Tram treatment for skin cancer – how does it work, what are the side affects, why will I need it?
Will Pembro treatment work for skin cancers?
How do I know if BCC is related to sun exposure?
After having a WLE (Wide Local Excision) done, I am very tired and exhausted, is this normal? How long does it last?
Will a full body PET Scan show up all skin cancers?
What is immunotherapy?  Is it for skin cancer? How does it work?
Does melanoma affect my brain?
Do I need a scan after WLE for 2A melanoma?
How common is melanoma behind eyes? 
How do I  know if I have melanoma behind my eyes, and how is it treated?
How do I protect eye from melanoma?  
What shaped and size glasses are recommended to protect eyes from skin cancers? 
How do I protect the split in my hair from skin cancer?
What kind of hats to use for protection against skin cancer and what are the recommendations?
What fabric are best to protect against UV rays.
How are UV rays measured?
Can I still get sun burnt on an over cast day?
When are sunbeds safe to use? 
Can I tan slowly and still not get skin cancer?
Does altitude (high or low) make a difference with preventing skin cancers?
Why is water (sea, lake, river) dangers to protract skin cancers?
Can you give me a possible insight to a treatment plan for 2b nodular melanoma post WLE?
Will I be assigned a nurse if I am diagnosed with either BCC or SCC?
What is Melanoma on Insula area of the brain? How is it treated? Is it successful? What are the side affects?
How long will I have to wait for my biopsy results?
How aggressive is BCC?   And SCC?
What is a forehead flap for nose and will it scare? How do I protect it.  (Flap is a surgery procedure)
If my stiches burst after biopsy will I need to get them in again?
Do skin grafts always work?  Or do they need to be done a few time?
I have results from biopsy of BCC and on waiting list for 14 months – is this normal, will it get worse, why am I waiting so long?
What is the best silicone scar gel?
What is the best treatment to reduce scaring?
Do I need a plastic surgeon for Mohs surgery?
How many passes are there during Mohs surgery?
Why did my skin graft not work?
I am pregnant and have melanoma, will it affect my baby?
What is Aldara cream what is it used for and does it work?  What are the side affects.
How common is melanoma/skin cancer in the mouth/gums. How is it treated?
Does radiotherapy work on skin cancer?
Am I at a higher risk of skin cancer if I have tattoos?
What is the difference between UVA and UVB